Well, we decided to intern my dad because
between the expenses of the house and
kids because I really was not going to be able to
take care of him came a moment in
they told me in the hospital that my
Dad was not in a position to take
no call so
I worry and I decided to visit it
there was another person was totally
changed they had lost a lot of weight and
muttering things that even I do not
understood what I saw really scared me
because it was worse than when I had
seen the last time when you try to
touch him
he turned sharply and
and he grabbed me by the shoulders but
that look froze me horrible and threw
a frightening scream that scared me one of
The nurses told me that when I went to
keep an eye on him at night like
spoke to someone but it obviously
there was no one who apparently my dad
he saw things under his bed and that according to
this was someone there advising what
what they said
then obviously the treatment
it did not work at all
and well they found my dad without
life in your bedroom and what
I do not understand what happened or why
what did that decision really do not
he was in his
in his senses when he did it
and well that's how this ended
we never knew what happened to him